README.md, before:

# Control Home Assistant with Robonomics

Integration gives you the remote access to your local smart home through encrypted transactions in Robonomics blockchain. It allows:

* Whatch current states
* Call services
* Manage Home Assistant users with subscription devices
* Create backups

More information you can find on [Robonomics Wiki](https://wiki.robonomics.network/docs/en/home-assistant-begin/).

## Installation

**1. Install files**

1.1) Using HACS

In the HACS panel, go to `Integrations` and click on three dots in the upper right corner. Choose `Custom repositories` and add the link to the Robonomics Integration repository:
```
https://github.com/airalab/homeassistant-robonomics-integration
```
In the second field choose `Integration` and press `Add` button.

![robonomics-users](images/hacs.png)

Close this window and press on `Explore & Download Repositories` button in the lower right corner. Find `Robonomics` and press `Download`

1.2) Manually

Clone the [repository](https://github.com/airalab/homeassistant-robonomics-integration) and copy `custop_components` folder to your Home Assistant config

**2. Restart HA to load the integration into HA.**

**3. Go to Settings -> Devices & Services -> Integrations and click the 'Add Integration' button. Look for Robonomics and click to add it.**

## Configure

For the Robonomics integration you need an [account in Robonomics Network](https://wiki.robonomics.network/docs/en/create-account-in-dapp/) with [subscription](https://wiki.robonomics.network/docs/en/get-subscription/). Also you need a `controller` account added to subscription as a device (it must be ed25519 type). Controller account will send telemetry from Home Assistant and will be able to send commands to smart devices. 

Fields:

* **Robonomics controlle account seed**. 
Seed phrase of you `controller` account. Note that this seed is stored only on your local machine and integration use it to encrypt the data and send transactions from `controller` account.

* **Robonomics subscription owner address**. 
The address of the subscription owner account. It is needed for sending transactions using subscription.

* **Timeout for sending data to Robonomics**. 
Remote states will be updated with this timeout. Note that it shouldn't be too small, because you don't have the ability to send transactions using subscriptions too often.

* **Custom IPFS gateway**.
URL for the custom IPFS gateway. Default integration store data in local IPFS node, but you can add your custom gateway (recommended for backups) to improve connectivity.

* **Port for the custom IPFS gateway**.

* **Use controller seed gateway authentication**.
Tick it if your gateway uses web3 authentication.

* **Pinata public key**.
You also can use Pinata as a custom gateway. For that you need to add an API Key in your Pinata account.

* **Pinata private key**.

![robonomics-users](images/integration-readme.png)

Commit message:

change readme to add integration with hacs default

README.md, after:

# Control Home Assistant with Robonomics

Integration gives you the remote access to your local smart home through encrypted transactions in Robonomics blockchain. It allows:

* Whatch current states
* Call services
* Manage Home Assistant users with subscription devices
* Create backups

More information you can find on [Robonomics Wiki](https://wiki.robonomics.network/docs/en/home-assistant-begin/).

## Installation

**1. Install files**

1.1) Using HACS

In the HACS panel, go to `Integrations` and click on `Explore & Download Repositories` button and find Robonomics Integration:

![robonomics-users](images/inst.png)

Open it and press `Download this repository with HACS` in the end of the page.

1.2) Manually

Clone the [repository](https://github.com/airalab/homeassistant-robonomics-integration) and copy `custop_components` folder to your Home Assistant config

**2. Restart HA to load the integration into HA.**

**3. Go to Settings -> Devices & Services -> Integrations and click the 'Add Integration' button. Look for Robonomics and click to add it.**

## Configure

For the Robonomics integration you need an [account in Robonomics Network](https://wiki.robonomics.network/docs/en/create-account-in-dapp/) with [subscription](https://wiki.robonomics.network/docs/en/get-subscription/). Also you need a `controller` account added to subscription as a device (it must be ed25519 type). Controller account will send telemetry from Home Assistant and will be able to send commands to smart devices. 

Fields:

* **Robonomics controlle account seed**. 
Seed phrase of you `controller` account. Note that this seed is stored only on your local machine and integration use it to encrypt the data and send transactions from `controller` account.

* **Robonomics subscription owner address**. 
The address of the subscription owner account. It is needed for sending transactions using subscription.

* **Timeout for sending data to Robonomics**. 
Remote states will be updated with this timeout. Note that it shouldn't be too small, because you don't have the ability to send transactions using subscriptions too often.

* **Custom IPFS gateway**.
URL for the custom IPFS gateway. Default integration store data in local IPFS node, but you can add your custom gateway (recommended for backups) to improve connectivity.

* **Port for the custom IPFS gateway**.

* **Use controller seed gateway authentication**.
Tick it if your gateway uses web3 authentication.

* **Pinata public key**.
You also can use Pinata as a custom gateway. For that you need to add an API Key in your Pinata account.

* **Pinata private key**.

![robonomics-users](images/integration-readme.png)
